feat(ble): Allow disabling BLE BAS reporting (#1973)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/config/battery.md

:::

:::note BLE reporting on MacOS

> On MacOS the BLE battery reporting packets can cause the computer to wakeup from sleep, the battery service can be disabled indepently of battery monitoring (allowing the battery level to be displayed on a screen or through a custom lighting implementation) by setting `CONFIG_BT_BAS=n`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS the BLE battery reporting packets can cause the computer to wakeup from sleep. To prevent this, the battery *reporting* service can be disabled by setting `CONFIG_BT_BAS=n`. This setting is independent of battery *monitoring*, for instance the battery level could still be indicated on a display.
```
Omitting the custom lighting part because it currently isn't a feature in ZMK, to prevent potential confusion.

> On macOS the BLE battery reporting packets can cause the computer to wakeup from sleep. To prevent this, the battery _reporting_ service can be disabled by setting `CONFIG_BT_BAS=n`. This setting is independent of battery _monitoring_, for instance the battery level could still be indicated on a display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS the BLE battery reporting packets can cause the computer to wakeup from sleep. To prevent this, the battery _reporting_ service can be disabled by setting `CONFIG_BT_BAS=n`. This setting is independent of battery _monitoring_, for instance the battery level can still be indicated on a display.
```
Sorry! I lost sight of this while going through my multiple edits.
